hi guys did pass up this morning saying
apologizing on update any videos lately
and reason for that is what I've really
been out what cars have been unusable as
I'm bein and i also forgot my youtube
password wouldn't let me reset let's
take me look well to be able to do it
look we're there now because they
thought I'd start by doing a quick
update on my hpi scalp if you've been
watching my videos then you know that I
did do a trial truck conversion it well
I changed my mind on that fact this is
the shazia made up for it that the
bumper there and the chassis threw up
rope for this shortstop right battery
tray underneath yeah I didn't want that
no wolf just too much weight I I can't
believe how much articulation I gained
when I removed it I still at the body on
our moment that's soon to go I'm going
to make this one just straight back into
a normal rock crawler still going to
have the four-wheel steering still going
to have to winch the time being so the
winter is going to stay bria server is
going to stay for steering and but the
body is definitely to be changed if only
for the fact of this one occurred some
damage was going to get over the top
with some tracks who's makin
and like I said it did take a little bit
of damage see if I can show you a little
bit sort of damage on it got flattened
bits everywhere pick holes ya see that
robot nagar so that one might be Stan if
you just get the shot off the lip
underneath now tighten these clips up
the other day because they're a bit too
loose throw all my lights right up there
I'm going to do about them exosuit good
morning i bind upset the sake of seventh
grade as you can see if it's still as it
was sort of standard just time to do a
lot their old ones been toning up use my
lrp battery 2200mah grant nickel metal
hydride sebast nikmat hydraulic gotze's
I run on remote on like those my winch
as I move upon / my winch I've mounted
above the servo but luckily it's not
going to damage the server so because
zoom in you can see over there there's a
boat there going right down through
straight to the man
so that should be right pretty
rock-solid that's fixed straight to the
axle basically from a winch up cut cut
the wires and I've installed that little
switch you can see they're just so i can
switch it on and off set it's not always
on me for the reason off for scrap of
control or a second i had some problems
i didn't want the winch on here as if
there's a light is to put it on a time
you move it slightly up and down
whatever you're in sac bread so I took
the switch Mordreaux well I've met with
a switch module here brother works fine
but I'll see you can easily knock it
sometimes it's quite freely moving so i
thought it's better to just have it
switched off so I've got my left wheel
steering wheel right wheel steering
wheel what why the same as I start again
my last stick sorry is my front wheel
steering that does nothing whatsoever
then my right stick is my real theorem
and my throttle and reverse through the
all-night breaks out channel parmesan of
six and non-existent minute that took
switched out one of the switches is the
one of yous of the winch and it switches
in my box bits so and
just about it for this well I will
definitely get on an order the new show
soon yes I'm working as a rock order I'm
also quite keen now for getting the
axial wraith sort of hpi few dealings of
them in the past couple of weeks since
I've got my savage XS and I've been
looking axel rave I've been like little
bit so give this one to my girlfriend
I've the axial rave I'm go out together
gets more videos there's more adventures
so please like comment subscribe and I'm
soon to do another video in a minute all
my H Christ subjects s and that we
uploaded shortly thanks a lot guys jizz